Plat UI 531 upgrade to 1 27 0 (#61)
hmrc/play-frontend-hmrc: README.md

 within accessibility-statement-frontend, the default behaviour can be overridden by supplying an
 `accessibilityStatementUrl` parameter to `hmrcStandardFooter`.

## CharacterCount with Welsh language support

The [hmrcCharacterCount](src/main/twirl/uk/gov/hmrc/hmrcfrontend/views/components/hmrcCharacterCount.scala.html) is an

> implementation of the GOV.UK CharacterCount which translations the dynamic words / characters remaining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implementation of the GOV.UK CharacterCount that translates the dynamic words / characters remaining
```
